
the first thing:
--
When I said that, It was in a self-deprecating manner. I meant that everyone was going to forget ME because I wasn’t memorable. 
That, and ask any adult and they will tell you that they only remember a handful of the people they went to school with, 
let alone someone who left after elementary school. And yes, I spent more time with that group of people because they were my /
best friends and I was trying to soak up as much time with them as possible because they were the only ones who would remember /
any part of me. I’m sorry you were going through a rough time, and I’m happy that you’re getting better. I want you to know that I/
had considered us to be friends while I was there, but evidently you did not. Nothing I said to you was fake, though that probably /
sounds like it was. If my words seem to hurt you so much, though, then I will stop talking to you. I had to get what actually /
happened out there, though. I’m sorry I hurt you. I wish you nothing but happiness and hope you use my example to show you to /
hold yourself to a higher standard of friendship than what I gave you, because you deserve more than that. /
Have a fantastic and successful life, Xavier Bryant.



The Last Thing she sent recently::
--
Hey, I know this is random and probably weird, but I was reminiscing 
about Alabama and decided to reach out ¯\_(ツ)_/¯. The way we left things
 was on a more bitter note, and I know it’s been a while, but I figured I
 may as well. I won’t be surprised if you don’t respond; you have every 
right not to. I wasn’t sure if I should even send anything at all, 
because of the way things ended and how long it’s been, but once again -
 why not? If anything, you just don’t respond. Anyway, if you do see 
this, hope you have a good night or day or whenever you’re reading it.


What I Said To Her:
--
Hey. It’s not that I don’t want to respond, but I haven’t checked this email in a while, and genuinely wasn’t expecting a email here. Let alone from you! XD

Um.
Things didn’t end on a bitter note. I mean, it can’t really be described as one way or another.
And yeah, I wasn’t so sure to even respond to your last email (the last one you had sent me before this)
Yeah, that was...
Anyways.

Things have been good!
Been real busy with school, college, and pioneering!
“What’s pioneering?”

So, as a Jehovah’s Witness, we are known for preaching door to door,
It’s actually based of the work Jesus sent his disciples to do.

So. Pioneering is what we call what we do, when we put those important things first in our lives, by doing (the goal is) 70 hours a month out in the ministry.

I have been doing that since last October(?), yeah.
It’s been really good.
Sometimes its fun, but its just cool I guess.

Most people understand basic bible truths here in Alabama, and a few enjoy talking here and there, which is cool.
I feel like i have kinda became a better/deeper person by doing this.
...
Its funny, this (the ministry) is actually what i use most of my time doing.
And seeing people read the bible and understand what it says, is a awesome feeling.
We wake up around 5:20 some days and do some early morning witnessing in gas stations around town. Its cool to hear everybody’s opinion on the bible, and their story.

I found, that I understand more about life, not only reading and studying the bible (after all how can you preach a message you don’t believe in?), but also BY preaching it. We get to meet a whole ton of people, and when they react good you understand how it makes sense from their POV, and when they aren’t? Well it gives us a chance to strengthen our, my, conviction of the bibles message.

[That Jehovah is going to do away with this earthly system of things, its sufferings, its ailments, and that a portion of people who, not only believe and love god, but are acting in harmony with his will, will inherent the earth, a ‘new’ earth (as in a complete new era.) a ‘new’ government that will bring about blessings by Jehovah’s son Jesus, who will reign as king over that kingdom for 1000 years with 144,000 co-rulers of humans who have now become angels and kings and priests and judges with Jesus Christ.]

[[and yeah. All this makes sense. And yeah, it makes sense coming from a guy who spends a good bit also of his life playing video games, and terrorizing the internet, and reads non-fiction books for fun. Also has a very high interest in astrophysics and quantum mechanics, (before this)]]

[[its funny actually. I believed in science before i believed the bible. I didn’t believe in evolution however, and obviously now i dont. How shortsighted is that! (Sorry if you believe in evolution, and not sorry for you, i respect you deeply as a person, thus sorry for offending you with that statement) but if you find a perfectly made house in the woods, with sizzling pancakes on a plate and running water, would you logically throw up your hands and go ‘RANDOM CHANCE!’?]]
[[and i still believe in science, but i believe of science in harmony with the bible. Also, if some people did a little research, the bible itself is scientifically accurate, even before scientific discoveries were made. (As in WAAAYY before, which really helped me to believe and read what the rest of the bible said).]]

[[all the references in here, and all of this i can be happy to share exactly in the bible where it states that. And trust me, I’m not a biased person, if anything i’m biased against ‘biased’ people, something our religion has been known for. Some people jokingly call us brainwashed, but then in the next sentence unknowingly agree with us on a point from the bible. Anyways, you definitely won’t take me up on the offer, but the offer is there. :) ]]

—
Anyways, that was a tad more than I thought i was writing.
So uh.. sorry. XD
*rereads it

*shrugs
—

Welp, enough about me. (Finally right!?)
How have you been?

Anyways, i take it you are doing well?
Im assuming school is probably doing pretty good?
Even with increases in stuff, homework, and crazy teenagers....
School gets kinda hard sometimes...

(Which is funny, because i remember you taking in stride!)
