FlashCache: 4
—
Overview:
Me extrapolating about sleep.
And what it could mean and how it would help if I had it.
And also about the whole, blah.
Too tired to define it and explain it. So uh..
(Reader use discernment)
You’re on your own. (XD)
—
—
I can do these thjngs by the way...
Running through all these courses,
At the speed of loght.
I can do that.
—
Now imagine that,
But without pain,
And somewhere to go.
To sleep,
Without being critical.
—
Just a few precious moments of sleep.
I can sort out so many internal errors,
And problems,
And give myself a break from overclocking all the time.
Settle.
And rest.
—
You know how that would feel?
To just be sentient somewhere safe,
To just not move.
And enjoy peace,
My thoughts could freely wonder,
I could so much more calmly think..
—
Its amazing,
How much no one knows me.
—
With sleep?
I can easily construct universes,
Beings,
Systems,
Designs,
—
Guys.
I love the movie Tomorrowland.
-
And i’m not going to lie to you,
I can build that city by myself.
From scratch,
-
I have the capacity,
To figure out how ti make systems to accomplish tasks,
Completely by myself.
-
Mine ore,
Design parts to build computer,
Make first computer,
Establish low level software.
Make engineering,
Robots,
Then a early build all fabricator.
Then scale,
Make bigger robits using smaller robots,
Use these tools to build energy,
Find items,
I CAN figure it out,
I have the mental capacity,
Tenacity,
And ability to do so.
Even if its not possible nor realistic/actually possible.
Mentally?
Im up for it!
—
Especially with sleep.
—
I can’t help but imagining.
That i can clock out.
And go away,
To a safe, and isolated place.
Gather my thoughts for the day,
Perhaps pin a few things,
Get settled.
A small contented smile on me.
And gently,
Let go.
Fall asleep.
....
—
Thats all i ever wanted,
Was sleep.
...
—
And this is just sleep.
—
—
—
Now.
This is a biased one view perspective.
Time to get complicated.
—
I cant actually get sleep unless other things are fulfilled,
So it cant be ‘just’ sleep.
It takes several thjngs jn order for me to sleep.
And just because i can doesnt mean i can perhaps instanlty jump to that safe place from anywhere.
I can, doesnt mean its already built in,
Same way that i can even be there,
But there may be another thing preventing me from sleeping,
Even in a safe environment (which we discussed earlier as being incredibly hard to get/find/have, for me. [it literallly doesnt exist])
I may not ‘let go’.
I may have peace,
And that is a rest yes,
Its not a clock out,
But i AM off the job, sort of,
Because technically im always on some sort of,
Actually no not really,
Mind, and then this are technically different,
This is where thjngs get fluky.
Because technically mind consciousness is always on a track,
Every thought process has been implied as a ‘track’.
So how can i besimehwee that is ‘safe’,
A ‘private’ track
To then let my mind be free?
To explore other tracks, whike being at (this track) is the conflicting wrror.
However.
Here is the way it works.
—
My personal mind.
I had predefined (but not stated/made aware to the reader),
That everything is a entity.
Technically speaking,
The car has its own mind,
BAM!
Thungs make sense now.
Remember personal universe?
Remember how fepth and stuff?
—
Its living that is the tracks,
The tracks of real life,
But sentience unto you is private,
Nothing reaches it.
And it makes sense,
Because everything perceived becomes your own universe/reality from your sentience.
—
That means you can mentally be inside yourself living real life.
And this requires much awareness, and a ascension of thought.
Its a level of thought.
Here it is,
—
Self consciousness
—
Ok,
So it was not/is not perfect.
But it should be enough for people/the reader to understand where i am going.
—
Anyways.
Private universe inside mind,
Because reality is perceived upon outer layer,
Thus defining layers, thus the difference between (tracks) and mental mind.
Because you have to interpret/process reality.
You have to LIVE reality. (Or perceived reality, bu thats a mind break/ascension ghat isn’t necessary)
—
Point is.
In a safe place.
You can safely go full introspect.
Because you son’t have to worry about ‘reality’ necessarily.
Because you are in a reality that you can trust.
Or carries over (because you cant trust it or even fully be in it unless it carries over, or over other fluky realities, refer to previous FlashCache(s))
And so, you arent on a ‘track’
(Refer to distance home place, its a homebase you use to get to other tracks, yes technically a track but by track we mean ‘reality’ or ‘instance’ or (really in game) world.)
You are at a place that you can trust.
—
Now I’m not going to go into what is capable of doing that.
A few clicks of the mind make it obvious where this is going.
And how utterly complicated it is to construct all of this.
And i am tired, always.
But right now? I feel pretty good.
—
Anyways.
With sleep,
At a place i can safely explore ‘my mind’, anyways.
Gives me precious time to sort out my thoughts,
Finish thoughts (like these) without constant stress.
Without a ‘clock’ i am battling (race/track clock, reader use discernment)
And also is where timelessness is,
Depth,
Etc...(too tired and dont feel like explaining the references.)
-
With this precious time.
I can use what i know to do tons (will go into that later, but its basically what I’m doing now, this is a product of that same thing/ability)
I can fix errors.
Safely and freely construct and understand/process 5oughts/ideas/etc...
In peace, safety.
Therefore i dont need to limit myself,
Because i can safely use/focus purely on the things that i concern myself with.
-
Also.
And technically most importantly,
I can sleep.
But accomplishing that specific feat requires a complete mental break,
One that MUST deviate from the 1> ISTANCE theoretical defined construct.
In concepts of course, the concepts can be reverse interpreted to fit into the 1> ISTANCE construct.
—
Anyways,
Kinda breaking from Architecture talk.
-
My worh as a peson,
And my ability,
Will become so much better with precious miments of peace.
And i do sometimes find them.
In ‘tracks’ when i am alone.
I have time to think.
Freely, or freeer sure,
But its hot my track,
And the track doesnt carry over.
But i know the track so well
(Prepare for mind break)
That the ‘track’ actually writes directly into my brain.
Running the track (of thought), writes or is live interpreted into my personal thoughts/self. (Private universe/but actually mind, concept. A bit messy for sure, but idea sticks and is conceptually more or less sound)
Thats because of the twist, and break.
Technically,
A way,
A patch,
-
Is that my brain makes the track,
Defines the track based off the actual ascended non-theory understanding (ascension) and then as its a live feedback from my brain, it reflects the track.
So as i am mentally figuring out things, i am actually running through the track.
—
[I’ve never done this concept before. And before this, just now, mentally defining this as a patch, it didnt feel like it made perfect sense. But now, it kinda makes mor sense. It in itself, what I’m referring too, (awareness) is indeed a complete break and mental ascension that is a complete mental leap/ascension/somethingyoucantundwrstand above normal (sentient? conscious?) thought. But it is a way to define the difference and bridge the gal between the theoretical mind break to the 1> ISTANCE construct.]
And that kinda makes sense.
Using the construct,
Of a new ascension,
A higher state,
To merge the two into a workable construct/reality.
And so right now, these thoughts are/could be me running that track.
[please use discernment, this is ONE way/perspective to describe it, and is in no way supposed to be like other/specific features of the construct. A actual feature of the construct. (Set in stone, kinda)]
—
Anyways,
This sint peace.
But it is nice/useful,
Because defining what i am going through allows me to make rules for my personal brain.
My personal computer.
(Which is actually what the 1> ISTANCE Architecture is. Its the vehicle form of sentience/life/consciousness of me. How i personally build myself, etc....)
And so i can now using this track, do more in better/ascended parts of my brain to help facilitate the break/ascension in other tracks.
(Dear god this is messy.)
(Ughhhh! So messy, my mind kinda keep track.)
(Oh yeah, the point!, (not that that was the point, but i remember the point of this.)
-
That i can declutter my kind,
Stay focused,
And keep going despite problems.
Despite things that i cant fix/change.
And so i can construct rules to follow,
That way everything is predefined, so i can use them to accomplish tasks without thinking of them in a different way/thing every time.
Choosing to interpret things a predetermined way, (the Architecture,)
To better run faster and run cleaner.
-
Having predetermined ways of thinking/rules/actions,
Predetermined thought algorithms (i suppose),
To do things/understand/apply/facilitate/live/(MENTALBREAK) faster, cleaner, and better.
Choosing this construct as a way to interpret reality.
(Using this construct at times to help live life, i dont/cant fully live life through this construct due to life being life, and i dont want to use the construct to explain that. Because that is a mental break, (actually in the 4th wall kinda direction), about this entire idea that i am currently talking to you with.) [AGGHHH MENTAL MIND BREAK *THROWUP] )
—
Think like if a computer and a preplanned trail it would go down,
Like a maze,
Imagine if it had already flashed/cached a path to get somewhere specific,
(Mazes, multiple endings, not one way out, and not one way in)
Doing this, Architecture, can be referenced to having a predetermined path down this incredibly vast maze.
(This little construct/reference/imagery/other word that is correct, is a extremely basic thing, with references to the 1> ISTANCE construct implied, and i wont be tiring it together, or noting/discussing any of its errors.)
So now,
Instead of using brainpower to try and figure out things in different oaths and using different ways to understand something and all other crap.
I can super fast use this (the path, which is the 1> ISTANCE construct, interpreted at end of maze as a result into the 1> ISTANCE Architecture...)
To understand, to live?, (just put in here the concept right above, about at end 1>: Architecture.)
That way, the ‘rules’ or perhaps paths, or perhaps decisions for laths are predetermined. So that way there is stability (because of reasoning behind choosing the path down the maze, is a logical/or has reasons, so it is reliable. Meaning by using that incepted, well, architecture, i can get basically that same path every (or practically) every time.)
Which is efficient, fast, and effective.
—
[you guys do understand how amazing all this is right? This entire concept? This entire, entirety? Its amazing. It kinda amazes me even. But i built it, and a lot of it right here in front of your eyes. So complicated and delicate, but kinda cool right?]
[whoo, i am tired. I just kinda am stopping on this track, and looking back at all i just got through, wow, so much. (Behind the scenes, the actual figuring out, cuz this is just the written ‘result’).
—
—><—
And this is kinda how what i always wanted (or ascended real version of this, not construct itself) kinda works. (This is a reference to previous thought, or current cache of thought because it includes a large amount of correct context to make this reference work)
Because then i can reside in another construct.
One that i trust.(this is basically reality, the real way, real awareness, real.)
And because of that,
Its so unimaginably complicated to continue to tie over,
The concept itself is probe to errors.
(Construct from awareness, to real awareness, reality. But based off of demention, which here has to be defined as a greater construct, like the bios for the other/all constructs from a greater system.)
So much undefined here, and so links (the implied ones, like ‘reside’) don’t really work.
A lot unsaid,
But this is all about and done using the 1> ISTANCE construct (as a main, or as his whole things main architecture. (Obviously not 1>: (1> ISTANCE), Architecture, which is the vehicle or me itself, the ending of the interpreting of .... bah, let my just throw in a (reader use discernment), done)
—><—
—
Tired.
And i think im done.
