FlashCache: 5
—
—
—
—
Pain:
Dn’t quite ask me where it came from.
Because that is entirely beyond the realm of this conatruct.
The 1> ISTANCE construct is a high level construct(or concept),
Implementing and defining the thigs i cant change, in a way that i can work around them, work with them.
Control them, use them.
Like a special mathemtical algrotihm/concept to balance/use them together.
All thses values/variables i cant change.
Ok, now thats settled
—
Pain:
I mentioned earlier that it kinda hits me.
Blurs vision,
Comes from within,
Not necessarily from inside the vehicle, but from the core of the vehicle.
(Use the heart and mind are different concept here. The 1>: Architecture is not from where pain is from.)
Power source, or core. (Actually literally defined and named or referenced/referred to as [CORE])
(Doesn’t ACTUALLY blur vision irl, but like in the construct, impairs ability to see road a lot for a very short amount of time.)
—
Point is.
Its a constant.
It carries over.
For me, yeah it does.
I mean, I’ve kinda already been through this.
—
And it carries over referenced to depth.
Deeper/higher/ascended(level) higher than anywhere ive been/go (again, refer to previous FC, or context).
Because it reaches me.
Btw, the concept i just described is so...
Huge,
Its mind bending and incredibly grand.
Not grand like grand staircase, but like complicated.
I dont want to break it down for you,
But right there is a completed thought, (with context of other FCs, and of course, understanding what the context is so far. Actually having/understanding the context.)
And its really cool.
Having both out, and in, both different concepts,
Linked together and transcends each other to their own levels, intercepting with the 1> ISTANCE construct.
—
Anyways.
Pain.
A constant.
Comes from [CORE] (as ive already mentioned)
So it actually (as already discussed) isn’t from the 1> ISTANCE Construct.
(Yep, construct is now capitalized, because it is now a phrase. For a system of understanding and interpreting/living reality. Bam. And everyone thinks im a idiot!)
—
Somethings to note.
—
-
-
Pain seems to come more in different tracks,
The tracks that relate (or remind me) of things that relate to the things that define or cause pain. (Im just overstating a relatively simple concept)
-
Ive had this pain for about 4 years now,
(Today is 5-5-19, old system. (Yes, yes i did))
It never really goes away.
—
When its not striking me, its always still there.
So thats why i talk a lot about focusing (which i will either do here or on another FC.)
And music.
-
Both those things keep me focused.
And when I’m focused, my mind (cache) is focused or experiencing something, so it doesn’t have room for pain (i suppose).
So listening to fast music,
And focusing,
Increases my speed in running all these tracks,
The pain is worse on the ‘other’ tracks i mentioned earlier,
So i run extra fast. (Thankfully i am quite adept at them(the other tracks), and they are dynamically and fundamentally different.. (...‘tracks’.) )
-
Anyways,
So i basically ‘outrun’ my pain.
Keep up the bleeding edge.
Edge, thats what i try to be.
Thats what i am.
The edge mentally, because i am at the fore-front of time.
Trying to race the clock, and get the most outta the clock.
Running so fast...
So fast...
—
Anyways. (Again)
Pain drives me. (Pun originally not intended, but welcomed)
It pushes me to go further.
—
The pain,
Or (that is related directly to/referenced to, the [CORE])
√[CORE]
That is the real name for it, but it doesn’t necessarily exist inside the 1> ISTANCE Construct. (Again, referenced to.)
—
Anyways.
—
It is one of the main things that stop me from having peace, and sleep.
Because it carries over through all of them,
Which means i cant have them. (Peace and sleep)
(Understand? Cool right, a multi-step way to understand the concept. Because the first sentence IS wrong because of the ‘clarification’ of the second sentence. But that was obvious wasn’t it?)
Again, carries over.
—
There are some really cool things i can do with it,
And by ‘things’ i mean just (basically) one ability.
Which i wont discuss because its isnt a part of the 1> ISTANCE Construct.
—
How can i get rid of it?
Im trying to run around and figure that out,
Running through different tracks (passively, not focused, although sometimes i do)
Ive been muddling that answer.
Also.
—
Super imprtant:
Again, this whole thing,
The 1> ISTANCE Construct....
Inside my mind, which is the 1> ISTANCE Architecture...
Is a way to process (these things).
You already know that,
The point is.
It isnt ... [*trails off...]
—
Its a link to real understanding,
And it provides a way to store and sort my real understanding.
(See Solid-State)
(Well dont, i may not have it available to read)
—
The answer,
Because this is all a form of understanding (or understanding is a purpose of this, construct. Constructs in general i guess (but that was obvious/implied))
Is not from or in the 1> ISTANCE Construct.
(Dur)
(Because its a form of interpreting reality.) (not necessarily reality itself)
—
Point is... [realizes the past two statements are absolutely useless.]
It cant be solved using the 1>: Construct
But inside the construct,
Through the Architecture,
Is real understanding.
Its a interface (the construct) to real understanding (perhaps is A(1) way to look at it.)
—
The answer is real, and relates to the lower level of things.
Technically the ‘reality’ level of things.
(Mind break)
(Because interpreting reality on multiple levels. Which works because this whole thing, the construct, can also (in retrospect) be a interface to my real being alive/interpreting reality. Woah, mind breaks. Also remember, this isn’t set in stone, this could be wrong and easily deprecated. (This note/mind break explanation.) )
But the answer(the answer to my pain), (logically),
Will be assimilated into (or is directly compatible with),
The 1> ISTANCE construct.
Which is obvious.
Because its reality,
So it can be interpreted.
(Although again mind break previous, two interpret ideas, but not both constructs.)
—
I mean,
Its basically another construct,
But its reality to me, real awareness.
(Mind break)
(Because being aware of interpreting reality, means that i understand technically 2 reality’s, making it all one complete reality for me, but that means i am then interpreting the real complete reality based off a unknown (yet felt) real, actual, reality.) (awareness, (and i dont wanna explain it/the link/apply/just the freaking.. hold on... (reader use discernment)... there.. leave me alone!XD))
—
Anyways.
Thoroughly done (or am tired) with ascension mind breaking level stuff. (Technically inside this form or use, of the applied construct (the 1> ISTANCE Construct.(?))).
—
I do have some things.
Or rather,
Noticed patterns.
When i do something,
Or perhaps experience live something.
(Dur.)
(Because it cant affect anything if it didnt happen, which is obvious when we talk about living/experiencing/aware/living life. Dur. Painful! Ow! And also ironic. Very ironic, actually)
And i have a list of those things.
—
I dont want to spoil it yet.
I want to keep this relvant to the construct,
Because (again)
We are basically talking about a whole different level.
—
So.
Relevancy,
Trying to notice ‘patterns in the road’,
So i know what road to take, or perhaps do something extra to avoid pain.
Because pain is bad.
—
And not because of pain hurting (funny right? But actually correct. Not a paradox. Look at the terms carefully, they actually are separate.)
But because of how it affects ‘my driving’,
IE, stability of (my) consciousness,
And when im in pain,
And when,
(Um this is again where it breaks from the construct/(and also Architecture, because i am talking about myself.)
Um...
—/
Pain takes over.
And then the ability is active, which isn’t good,
Its good but its not,
That belongs to a whole other level.
(Or i guess it can be compared to ‘construct’)
—/
So,
Point is.
—
Avoid pain.
Do things and drive in a way that lessens pain.
—
The 1>: Architecture (again my build for my personal form, again, seeing inside it , again the car, the track of construct. (Gosh darnit just freaking (reader use discernment), ok))
Is made to help me run cleaner.
Faster,
And with less pain.
-
Letting me stay more focused,
Instead of being consumed (or temporarily consumed) by my pain.
—
To note:
You can compare my pain to cringing at something,
Like teenage girls asking for guys snap(chat)((its a pun/relevancy((because thats what they say. ‘Snap’, instead of ‘snapchat’, which isn’t correct either way.)))) (assumed because of a dare),
With their cut-off short-shorts,
And halter top?
Thats painful,
Like cringe/(cringe-pain), (but relates also to real pain)
I mean, thats like why I am awake at night,
(Funny.)
(Because im not actually awake about the girls themselves (although the joke IS that i am, or someone is.) but about how it relates (or transcends) into the actual pain. Which is funny because i dont stay awake at night thinking about... wait.)
[(funny because the point was that its a joke wrapped in a joke. A complicated piece of work but kinda neat. The joke is (that) both statements or understanding is/are wrong)
[i dont stop do i? I literally sat here explaining something as either stupid/obvious as that!]
Anyways.
Its that same kinda grinding pain.
Well,
Considering that pain usually comes when cringe is.
I kinda cant tell you a difference(as in what it actually feels like, or the difference between the two.(with a good conscience(?[word choice man!]), of course.)
...
Might as well.
—
Describe it.
Its like getting stabbed in the heart.
And when its in the background,
Like blood oozing from a knife plunged into your heart.
‘Chest pains’
And when its bad it strikes you,
Like lightning.
Like being stabbed, but from the inside, with lightning (mixed somehow, (reader use discernment)).
-
And when its really bad?
Its like you are sitting on your knees,
A long knife stabbed through your lungs, in the middle (and pretend your heart is there (at the same place), (also stabbed through(dur)).
And then,
It gets slowly pulled out...
And its tugging on your insides...
‘On your heart strings’
(Literally)
And the cold steel,
That ache,
And the fire,
And the cold,
And the lightning,
And the pain,
Bursting throughout your chest,
And intensifies in lightning, steel, tug, and pain when its being pulled on (out, or tugged(whatever)).
And the feeling of nausea, of pain, of cold, fills and clouds and like lead in the mind. (When its consuming me, doesn’t happen very often)
Usually (as far as the mind experience/feeling) its just pain and electricity.
(Did i mention the feeling if helplessness earlier? Its small, and it just pulls over my cache, i am certainly not a helpless feeling person (in that specific kind of way, i am certainly helpless to change anything, and i feel accordingly.(that gets rather/more complicated to explain. And I’m kinda tired to do so.)))
Yeah.
It sucks.
—
Now imagine living like this,
Sometimes the (worse(er)(not the rare consuming one))) lasts a long time (for extended periods of time).
And it sucks.
Imagine living like that?
Even during (speedup/focus/overclock) it zaps/stabs. (Me.(sorry, just had to finish sentence))
I call it a ‘critical moment’.
(*shrug)
...
-
But imagine,
That pain.
Never going away?
And when you slow down, (or stop overclocking)(temporarily, or just for a moment(momentarily))
It kinda catches up to you?
Like engulfs you from behind.
-
Your heart hurting?
It sucks.
—
But imagine that,
And knowing in the back of your head,
When you are running (this is realized passively/randomly, as in small breaks in focused conscious concentration, or fleeting moments when i am consciously aware that the pain is at the back of my mind, or better, that the pain is still there. (Thus negating the need for the (aware that the pain is at the back of my mind) because i was already (implied) that i was referring to the back of my mind.)))
That the pain is always there.
And that nothing can get it to go away.
—
And you never had any sleep,
Instead,
When i do (physically), rest or sleep.
It dulls my vision, and it slower-ly engulfs my body. (I know its misspelled, its putting two, basically same words, together)
And my whole body kinda aches, stemming (echoing/tracing back to) my heart.
Or rather to its source,
√[CORE]
—
Now try and imagine all of that, and living it...
This time you now (should/hopefully) have a better or clearer(?) grasp of the pain.
Which is one element of many not-so-helpful/good features of my life.
(IE, pressure, obstacles from the track, resetting, etc...)
—
Ok i think thats it...
For this one.
Or for now.
